The patient lost too much blood.
The child may not be saved.
What a pity!
It's a group of baby boys
Have you notified the family?
I can't handle the whole Down family
Also used to deliver meals
The crew is out of food
Dad who made your baby daughter
It's the wife of the best actor Song Yuchuan
Do people just want to cook?
He offered to be married
You shouldn't agree
I can't even disclose my pregnancy now
Dad Tamagawa is working hard
I can understand him.
Okay, let's hurry up, okay?
What's wrong?
Best Actor Song, is your phone ringing all the time?
So what?
What's more important than us dating
In case someone is looking for you
Tang Ying, I'm afraid of him
If not
Look, he has an internationally renowned director
Who wants to marry Liu Zhuchun?
I am Song Yuchuan's dignified best actor
Only you are worthy of me
She is a daughter of the Tang family
Holding shares in Down Pictures
The future is our boss
Boss, the boss is missing. Try it.
If you want to get Tang's, you must defeat the mother
What!
My child
Yaoyao, what do you want me to do?
Why did you do this to me?
You are still young
with him
There will be children
Mr. Luo, Song Yuchuan is here